Basic tutorial v1.0 (#88)
membraneframework/membrane_tutorials: basic_pipeline/11_Pipeline.md

Let's start with defining what children we need inside the `handle_init/2` callback! If you have forgotten what structure we want to achieve please refer to the [2nd chapter](02_SystemArchitecture.md) and recall what elements we need inside of our pipeline.

**_`lib/pipeline.ex`_**

```elixir
defmodule Basic.Pipeline do
 ...
  @impl true
  def handle_init(_context, _options) do
    spec = [
      child(:input1, %Basic.Elements.Source{location: "input.A.txt"})
      |> child(:ordering_buffer1, Basic.Elements.OrderingBuffer)
      |> child(:depayloader1, %Basic.Elements.Depayloader{packets_per_frame: 4})
      |> via_in(:first_input)
      |> child(:mixer, Basic.Elements.Mixer)
      |> child(:output, %Basic.Elements.Sink{location: "output.txt"}),
      child(:input2, %Basic.Elements.Source{location: "input.B.txt"})
      |> child(:ordering_buffer2, Basic.Elements.OrderingBuffer)
      |> child(:depayloader2, %Basic.Elements.Depayloader{packets_per_frame: 4})
      |> via_in(:second_input)
      |> get_child(:mixer)
    ]

    {[spec: spec], %{}}
  end
 ...
```

Remember to pass the desired file paths in the `:location` option! 

Now... that's it! :) 

> The spec list using Membrane's DSL is enough to describe our pipeline's topology. The child keywords spawn components of the specified type and we can use the `|>` operator to link them together. When the pads that should be linked are unamibiguous this is straightforward but for links like those with `Mixer` we can specify the pads using `via_in/1`. There also exists a `via_out/1` keyword which works in a similar way. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The spec list using Membrane's DSL is enough to describe our pipeline's topology. The child keywords spawn components of the specified type and we can use the `|>` operator to link them together. When the pads that should be linked are unamibiguous this is straightforward but for links like those with `Mixer` we can specify the pads using `via_in/1`. There also exists a `via_out/1` keyword which works similarly for output pads. 
```

> As you can see the first argument to `child/2` is a component identifier, but it's also possible to have anonymous children using `child/1`, which just has Membrane generate a unique id under the hood.

Reviewer: Perhaps we could link to the documentation for these `child/2` etc.? In fact, there is `child/1`, `child/2`, `child/3`, and `child/4`, depending on the place where the child is put in the pipeline (for children at the beggining of the pipeline the arity of function is always one less :D )

Our pipeline is ready! Let's try to launch it.
We will do so by starting the pipeline, and then playing it. For the ease of use we will do it in a script.

**_`start.exs`_**

```elixir
{:ok, _sup, _pipeline} = Membrane.Pipeline.start_link(Basic.Pipeline)

> Process.sleep(500)

Reviewer: In case we have implemented the suggestion from the PR that updates the code template (that is - adding `Process.monitor` and then waiting for `:DOWN` message), let's reflect that approach also here
